Remove duplicate subs, subs for generic words, and outdated terms (#4042)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/apm/apm-server/use-internal-collection-to-send-monitoring-data.md

### `monitoring.enabled` [_monitoring_enabled]

> The `monitoring.enabled` config is a boolean setting to enable or disable X-Pack monitoring. If set to `true`, monitoring is enabled.

Reviewer: I don't think "X-pack monitoring" is a thing anymore so it's likely better to use generic "monitoring features" terminology.
```suggestion
The `monitoring.enabled` config is a boolean setting to enable or disable {{monitor-features}}. If set to `true`, monitoring is enabled.
```
